This is the home webpage and its file name is index.html.
This part is the first section of the website and serves as the main entry point.
It uses multimedia elements to make the page more interactive.
It also contains different HTML elements to demonstrate multimedia integration.
First, my image is imported to let you know who built the website.
Next, the audio is included to explain the content of the webpage.
It contains an explanation and serves as proof of my capability to import elements.
The button is connected to links for navigation.
Lastly, the video is about my previous project.
I also used CSS to customize the elements, such as the layout.
I used the flex function for proper positioning and applied a background color.
The webpage uses different CSS functions to enhance its design and overall appearance.